NovelAI Gallery  v1.6
=====================

WHAT'S NEW IN THIS VERSION
--------------------------

1. FIRST-RUN SETUP
   Opening the app for the first time now walks through the things worth
   deciding once - theme, prompts as tags or plain text, what gets saved,
   and whether saved images should stay here instead of downloading - and
   ends on the step that actually matters: installing the extension.
   Every choice applies as you make it, and all of them are in Settings
   afterwards. The × skips the whole thing.

2. RIGHT-CLICK MENUS
   Right-click an image for open, select, move to folder, pin, favorite,
   reuse prompt, copy prompt, open in folder and delete. Right-click a
   folder in the sidebar for open and delete. Right-click empty gallery
   space for import, refresh, select all and new folder. Right-clicking
   one image of a selection acts on the whole selection.
   Text boxes keep the browser's own menu, so copy and paste still work
   where you'd expect them to.

3. FULL-SIZE VIEW WITH ZOOM
   Small expand icon in the bottom-left of the opened image. Scroll to
   zoom, drag to move, double-click to toggle fit and 100%. Back button
   top-left. Keys: F opens it, 0 fits, 1 is actual size, +/- zoom, Esc
   goes back.

4. PROMPT SECTIONS START COLLAPSED
   As asked. The count stays on each header, so nothing is hidden - it
   just doesn't bury the generation settings under a hundred tags.

5. OPEN IN FOLDER ACTUALLY OPENS THE FOLDER NOW
   It never worked, and the cause is a genuinely nasty Windows quirk.
   Explorer's /select needs the quotes around the path only:

       explorer.exe /select,"C:\...\NovelAI Gallery\...\x.png"

   Go builds command lines the way the C runtime expects, which quotes the
   whole argument instead:

       explorer.exe "/select,C:\...\NovelAI Gallery\...\x.png"

   Explorer reads that leading quote as the start of a path, can't make
   sense of it, and quietly opens Documents - which looks exactly like the
   button doing nothing. Your data folder has a space in its name, so this
   bit every single time. The command line is now built by hand, and a
   launch failure is reported instead of a toast claiming success.

6. NO MORE FLICKER ON AN EMPTY VIEW
   An empty library, folder, or search flashed a grid of placeholder tiles
   every few seconds. The skeleton was being re-rendered on every
   background refresh whenever there was no grid on screen. It's now a
   first-load affordance only, and an unchanged empty view isn't redrawn
   at all. Refreshing still happens exactly as often.

7. UNINSTALLING CAN NOW REMOVE EVERYTHING
   Uninstall asks whether to delete your images and settings as well.
   Answer No and the library survives for a reinstall, as before; answer
   Yes and nothing is left behind. It also clears two things the old
   uninstaller left: the WebView2 cache folder (which kept the whole
   install directory alive) and the browser-engine data folder. That's
   what you were seeing survive a reinstall.


UPGRADING
---------

Install over the top; nothing to do in the browser this time, the changes
are all in the app.


IF SOMETHING ISN'T WORKING
--------------------------

Click the extension's toolbar icon, open "Diagnostics", press "Copy
diagnostics", and send me that.


WHAT'S IN THIS FOLDER
---------------------

NovelAI-Gallery-Setup.exe  The installer. The only file you need.
extension\                 Spare copy (the installer already bundles it).
source\                    Full source, with a build script.
README.md                  Full documentation.


WHAT I TESTED, AND WHAT I COULDN'T
----------------------------------

119 checks across six suites, all passing. New this round: setup appearing
on a fresh library and never again after finishing, with every choice made
during it actually saved; the right-click menus on an image, on a folder
and on empty space, including drilling into the folder list and closing on
Escape; the full-size view opening at fit, zooming, returning to fit with
0, and the Back button landing you where you started; prompt sections
starting collapsed; and an empty view surviving three refresh cycles with
zero DOM changes.

What I could not test: anything Windows-specific - the icon, the title bar
colours, "open in folder", and the uninstaller. There's no Windows machine
here; the app cross-compiles from Linux. The parts that can be tested off
Windows are: the installer script compiles, and the command line Explorer
receives is built by a function with its own unit test pinning the quote
placement. The rest is reasoning from documented behaviour, and I'd rather
say so than imply I watched it work.
